What does BLM stand for? 
BLM stands for Black Lives Matter, a movement that campaigns against violence and systemic racism towards black people.
What is Black Lives Matter?
Black Lives Matter is a movement that campaigns against violence and systemic racism towards black people. It initially began as a hashtag in response to George Zimmerman's acquittal for the murder of Trayvon Martin in 2013. It gained more momentum after the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown. Recently, in 2020, the BLM movement has garnered a massive amount of support after the death of George Floyd. 
What are the goals of Black Lives Matter?
The goals of BLM include the end to all forms of discrimination against Black people and the recognition of human rights for Black people. BLM supporters strive to end police brutality and the murder of POC and the oppressed.
What is systemic racism?
Systemic racism, otherwise known as institutional racism, is a form of racism that is embedded as a normal practice in society or an organization. It can lead to discrimination in criminal justice, education, housing, employment, etc. Note that systemic racism is different from systematic racism.
What is systematic racism?
Systematic racism is a set of practices that discriminate on the basis of race. Note that systematic racism is different from systemic racism.
How are systemic racism and systematic racism different from one another?
Systematic racism is a set of practices that discriminate on the basis of race. It is relatively easy to fix as long as people make a conscious effort to try. However, systemic racism is a system that has racism inherent in how it operates. It requires a deeper level of thinking and is far more difficult to eradicate. 
What is the difference between systemic racism and systematic racism?
Systematic racism is a set of practices that discriminate on the basis of race. It is relatively easy to fix as long as people make a conscious effort to try. However, systemic racism is a system that has racism inherent in how it operates. It requires a deeper level of thinking and is far more difficult to eradicate. 
What is an example of systematic racism?
In the hiring process, an example of systematic racism would be rejecting applications of people who are a minority. 
What is an example of systemic racism?
In a hiring process, an example of systemic racism would be utilizing an AI that is trained on past hires to screen resumes. The AI would naturally inherit the bias of past hires and are therefore less likely to recommend resumes from minority candidates.
Where can I find more information on BLM?
For more information on the BLM movement, visit <a href="https://blacklivesmatters.carrd.co/#educate">here</a>.
What can I do to help?
You can help out by signing petitions, contacting leaders, donating, voting, and educating yourself. For more information, visit <a href="https://blacklivesmatters.carrd.co/">here</a>.
What is reverse racism?
Reverse racism is the notion that a member of the dominant or privileged racial group also faces discrimination and prejudice on the basis of race. 
Where can I find more resources on BLM?
For more information on the BLM movement, visit <a href="https://blacklivesmatters.carrd.co/#educate">here</a>.
